# JavaMedTestGen
Purpose: To create a test generator for the medical students. In addition to the teacher being able to create the tests should also be able to send these tests out to students and then grade the submissions. Once evaluated feed back and additional information will be provided back to the student. 
Teacher Side: This will be the meat of the application as the teacher will be able to do many more things than the student. There are several forms contained within the teacher folder.
Send.html - This form is where the teacher will administer the tests to students. It should be made up of two sections. One section should be filled by the students that are in his class. The other should be filled with the test that he has created. Both  The tests shoudl be all held in a file on the teachers computer. There should be three buttons on this page. One to return to menu. Send - Which will send out a specific test to specific students and Broadcast - Which will send a specific test to all available students. 
Teacher.html - This form is the test creation form. It contains all of the fields that a test might have. These are to be filled in by the teacher. There is the usual back to menu button and then a save button. The save button should take all of the input fields and package them into a file. These files will be used to autofill the student end when they recieve the test.  All test files should be kept in a folder on the teachers computer. 
Menu.html - The basic menu for the teacher. This is pretty much just a menu of redirection. To make a test we have the create button. This button redirects to Teacher.html. The Send button will redirect to Send.html. Additionally we have the View submissions button. This will redirect to its own form.
View submissions - This is where the grading is done. 
